chore: editorial review (#111)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/concepts/04_credentials/05_verification.md

---
id: verification
title: Verification
---

KILT allows a Verifier to check if the information in a Credential presented by a Claimer is correct and valid.
With the presentation of the Credential, the Claimer also presents evidence that a third party (i.e., an Attester) ensured the correctness of the Claimer’s attributes.

The Verifier trusts this third party either because they trust its reputation directly or they trust a delegation structure that it is part of (e.g., a State department issuing driving licenses).

For the verification process:

- The Claimer needs their Credential and the private key associated with their identifier
- The Verifier needs the identifier of the trusted attester

During the verification process the Claimer wants to prove three things to the Verifier:

> - The Credential is valid (i.e., not revoked by its Atte ster)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Credential is valid (i.e., not revoked by its Attester)
```
